=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Acme::AjiFry (Acme::AjiFry::EN) - AjiFry Language (アジフライ語) Translator


=head1 VERSION

This document describes Acme::AjiFry version 0.0.1


=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Acme::AjiFry;
    use Acme::AjiFry::EN;

    my $ajifry = Acme::AjiFry->new();
    my $ajifry_en = Acme::AjiFry::EN->new();

    print $ajifry->translate_to_ajifry('おさしみ')."\n"; # outputs => "食えアジフライお刺身食え食えお刺身ドボドボ岡星ドボドボ"
    print $ajifry->translate_from_ajifry('食えアジフライお刺身食え食えお刺身ドボドボ岡星ドボドボ')."\n"; # outputs => "食えアジフライお刺身食え食えお刺身ドボドボ岡星ドボドボ"

    print $ajifry_en->translate_to_ajifry('012abcABC!!!')."\n"; # outputs => '京極お刺身京極むむ･･･京極アジフライ食え食え食え食えドボドボ食えお刺身山岡ドボドボ山岡お刺身山岡むむ･･･!!!'
    print $ajifry_en->translate_from_ajifry('京極お刺身京極むむ･･･京極アジフライ食え食え食え食えドボドボ食えお刺身山岡ドボドボ山岡お刺身山岡むむ･･･!!!')."\n"; # outputs => '012abcABC!!!'


=head1 DESCRIPTION

Acme::AjiFry and Acme::AjiFry::EN are AjiFry-Language translator.

Acme::AjiFry can translate Japanese into AjiFry-Language, and vice versa. Acme::AjiFry::EN can translate English into AjiFry-Language.

If you would like to know about AjiFry-Language, please refer to the folowing web site (Japanese Web Site).
L<http://ja.uncyclopedia.info/wiki/%E3%82%A2%E3%82%B8%E3%83%95%E3%83%A9%E3%82%A4%E8%AA%9E>


=head1 DEPENDENCIES

Perl 5.10.0 or later.
Class::Accessor::Fast 0.34 or later.

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

=for author to fill in:
A list of known problems with the module, together with some
indication Whether they are likely to be fixed in an upcoming
release. Also a list of restrictions on the features the module
does provide: data types that cannot be handled, performance issues
and the circumstances in which they may arise, practical
limitations on the size of data sets, special cases that are not
(yet) handled, etc.

No bugs have been reported.

Please report any bugs or feature requests to
C<bug-acme-ajifry@rt.cpan.org>, or through the web interface at
L<http://rt.cpan.org>.


=head1 AUTHOR

moznion  C<< <moznion[at]gmail.com> >>


=head1 LICENCE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2012, moznion C<< <moznion[at]gmail.com> >>. All rights reserved.

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.


=head1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

BECAUSE THIS SOFTWARE IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
FOR THE SOFTWARE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN
OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS WITH
YOU. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
REDISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE AS PERMITTED BY THE ABOVE LICENCE, BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.
